Now did we worked on the text here.
For one we can now go back to Andreas and get rid of this temporary change here where we always showed
a game over screen.
We don't want to do that anymore instead we want to start with the normal start game screen again.
And in addition to this change I now also want to make one extra adjustment and that's this start game
button.
We're using the normal button here which of course is something you can do but sometimes you also want
to create your own button you want to have full control over how your button looks like.
And for this you can of course create your own button and that's exactly what we're going to do now.
Hence in the components folder I'll add my own button and you can named as whatever you want you could
name it button.
But that's kind of already the name of the built in one.
And whilst you could of course still name yours like this to a wide any name clashes or confusion I'll
name my button your main but because it will be my my main my primary button which I use for for the
big actions in this game.
Like starting a new game.
Now that's the file name in there we'll have a regular react component of course.
Therefore we import react.
We import a view here we will certainly need some text.
We'll certainly need a style sheet from React Native like this.
And then here we have the main button component which receives props and which in the end will return
some J as X we'll have our styles object with Styles she'd create.
And as always we'll export our main button.
And now the question is how do you build your own button.
Now it might sound very complex to do that but actually it isn't your own button is all just a combination
of view and text and very important also a touchable component like touchable highlight or touchable
opacity or touchable native feedback or even touchable without feedback.
If you don't want to give any visual feedback so here I'll go with touchable opacity and we need that
to give the user feedback regarding the fact that the button was pressed and to register on press event
and Abbott and dad will just build our button with with a view which we styled in a certain way and
a text in there.
So now here in main button we can return our touchable opacity and then there have a view which we can
use to then styled a button and in there maybe a text for a text a button should have.
Now let's say our button should be usable such that we passed a text directly between the opening and
closing tax of our component.
Hence here we can use props children as the text I want to show on the button.
And then here on this view I'll have a style of let's say styles button on this inner text here we could
have a style of styles button text and these names are up to you of course and on the touchable pass.
I'll add the on press listener and we'll have to do something there.
So now we get the skeleton for our button.
Now we can start adding some styles to it.
Now of course you can styled it button in whatever way you want.
I got a certain style in mind here which I'll add.
But again definitely play around with that and apply your own styles.
So for the button itself which is the view around the text I want to give the button a certain background
color and you could also ensure that this can be set from outside of course.
You can get really creative here all hardcoded color in here by of course using my colors constant here.
So I'll import colors from constants colors whips colors like this.
And then here use colors primary color the primary color maybe like that.
So that's a background color does but you should have again you could also make sure that this style
is set dynamically with the help of some prop you're getting from outside.
But here are all hardcoded in here.
In addition to that the button should have some padding so that the text doesn't sit directly on the
edges of the button container.
So if the box around the text but there is some spacing and you can use the same padding in all directions.
But I want to use a padding vertical of twelfth.
So not that much padding to top and bottom and a padding horizontal of let's say 30.
So way more padding to left and right.
That's the button now for the text of the button there.
Also the color of white which should look good on our primary color.
You could use black too because our primary color actually is a color where as you can see both white
and black actually work.
So you could use either but I'll go with white here for the button and I'll add a fun family of open
sense to use this custom font there as well as you learn you need to set this on every text there is
no inheritance there is no global font you could set up every text that should use this fund needs to
get it and I'll add a font size of let's say 18 to have a bigger text here in this button now when the
button is pressed then I actually of course typically don't want to handle this press event instead
of the button but instead of the component where we use the button.
So I simply want to forward it.
And for Dad we can simply expect to get a function reference and event handler function on the let's
say on press prop of our custom button.
But you could named as prop anything you could name it on click because in the end it's you who uses
your own button.
And there you just have to make sure you pass a fitting function reference a fitting pointer at an event
handler function to order on press or whatever you name it prop on your own button.
So this name is up to you.
Now let's use the main button and let's use it on a start.
Game screen there we can simply import it.
So import the main button from components main button and this main button now is used here for starting
a new game.
So I'll replace button here with main button.
But keep in mind that on this button I configured the content the text to be shown such that it's actually
the content which is passed between the opening and closing tax of our button and therefore back into
started games screen.
The title here is no longer passed on a title prop but instead now we have an opening and closing tag
for our own for our own button and we add start game there.
Now on press is still a prop we leave here because in the main button I forward to on press event.
So to say to the function I get on my own on press prop here.
Therefore we have to set the on press prop on our own button and therefore with that we should have
a nice main button here a nice button when we start a new game
let's give this a try here.
This is how it looks like and that looks quite nice in my opinion the nice button.
I'm not done though.
I want to have rounded corners on that button for that back in the main button file.
We can of course simply go to this button property here in the stalls sheet which is the style object
getting applied to our view and there we can add a border radius of twenty five and if we do that then
you'll see that if I now get this button it now has this nice look here pops.
Let you also show it on Android now has rounded corners and has this nice opacity of fact when you tap
on it.
And by the way as mentioned early already you can change this opacity effect by going to detachable
opacity component and there you can set the active opacity to the level of opacity you want to have
when it's pressed.
For example if you use a robber a high value here then this effect is less strong.
Now it's only slightly transparent when we tap on it and not as transparent as before but that's totally
up to you what you want here.
All go for dot six year to have a slightly stronger effect.
But again that's something you can configure and in general my suggestion would be that you play around
with that and see how you can style that button how you can really find unit to your requirements now
with the custom button add it.
I also want to use it on the game over screen.
So there are also import main button from components main button like this.
And then simply add dead main button here when we show our new game button on there.
Use the main button instead they have removed the title prop because that's not how we're setting the
title on our own custom button.
Instead we have to pass it here between you opening and closing tax of our well custom component tax.
So therefore now here this should also look nicer if we quickly finish a game here trying to let the
computer a guess 30 free
here we are and now we see the nice button here too.
We also see the correct output here regarding the number of rounds it took and the number we had to
guess.
And we can start a new game thereafter and also go for that again real quick
yeah.
That's all looking really nice the remaining thing I now still want to do is I want to work on these
two buttons lower and greater.
They look a bit boring.
I'd say we can certainly make them look more exciting now one way of making them look a bit more exciting
is that we use our custom button there as well.
So of course here in the game screen we can also import the main button from components main button.
So our own custom button and use that instead of the button we're currently using which is built in
one so use our own button here.
They offer of course used move the title between the opening and closing tax.
So here that's lower than here for the second button that is greater.
And now it is should look a bit nicer if we start a new game here.
Now we use our custom buttons here though now we also see a problem.
There is simply a bit too big there too close to each other.
We can change that however by going down to the button container and giving this a bit more with maybe
set the max with to 90 percent here actually.
So now if he tries again Yeah that looks a bit better dairies at least some spacing between the buttons
and for now it is will do because for now we're not optimizing for all screen sizes.
Let's also increase this with here to 400 those so that if we have enough with we do actually use 400
pixels and now this looks good here on Iowa's
and also on Android now it looks a bit better as I mentioned.
But wouldn't it be also nice if we had icons in there instead of text because text of course works but
an icon might also do the trick.
And we haven't used I can far since you off need them in mobile apps though it's definitely something
you should also be aware of you should be aware of how to work with icons how to add icons inside of
your app and debt step for what we'll do next.